# Project Requirements

------

Your project will be evaluated using the [Project Rubric](2.1.project-rubric.md). For a project to pass, all criteria must *Meet Specifications*. Please thoroughly read through the rubric before beginning to build your project.



## What tools or technologies will you use to create this application?

- This application will be created using Node.js and Javascript programming language. The architecture will use ES6 classes because it will help us to organize the code and facilitate the maintenance of the code.
- We suggest you use Visual Studio Code as an IDE because it will help easily debug your code, but you can choose any code editor you feel comfortable with.
- Some of the libraries or npm modules you will use are:
  - "bitcoinjs-lib": "^4.0.3",
  - "bitcoinjs-message": "^2.0.0",
  - "body-parser": "^1.18.3",
  - "crypto-js": "^3.1.9-1",
  - "express": "^4.16.4",
  - "hex2ascii": "0.0.3",
  - "morgan": "^1.9.1"

Remember if you think you need install any other library you will use `npm install `

Libraries purpose:

1. `bitcoinjs-lib` and `bitcoinjs-message` will help us verify wallet address ownership and signatures. **Note**: Make sure to always use Legacy Wallet addresses.
2. `express` is a node framework used to create The REST Api used in this project
3. `body-parser` is used as a middleware module for Express and will help us to read the `json` data submitted in a POST request.
4. `crypto-js` is a module containing some of the most important cryptographic methods and will help us create the block hash.
5. `hex2ascii` will help us **decode** the data saved in the body of a Block.

Remember all this libraries can be found in the `package.json` file in your project folder.



https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd1309/parts/53e66ef0-a374-48e3-b616-d9d1849d6ec3/modules/91f4081c-1c02-47ab-a2b2-ac03c0b5fa38/lessons/6d3b2863-9508-43a8-8b0e-c83e7b14db61/concepts/c44b154b-1422-4053-ac54-8c70e2a84e7c