# Step 2: Constructing a Block

SEND FEEDBACK



## What do I need to implement to construct my block?

1. `block.js` file. In the `Block` class we are going to implement the method: `validate()`.
   - The `validate()` method will validate if the block has been tampered or not.
   - Been tampered means that someone from outside the application tried to change values in the block data as a consequence the hash of the block should be different.
   - Steps:
     1. Return a new promise to allow the method be called asynchronous.
     2. Create an auxiliary variable and store the current hash of the block in it (`this` represent the block object)
     3. Recalculate the hash of the entire block (Use SHA256 from crypto-js library)
     4. Compare if the auxiliary hash value is different from the calculated one.
     5. Resolve true or false depending if it is valid or not.

**Note**: to access the class values inside a Promise code you need to create an auxiliary value `let self = this;`

1. `block.js` file. In the `Block` class we are going to implement the method: `getBData()`.
   - Auxiliary Method to return the data stored in the body of the block but decoded.
   - Steps:
     1. Use hex2ascii module to decode the data
     2. Because data is a javascript object use JSON.parse(string) to get the Javascript Object
     3. Resolve with the data and make sure that you don't need to return the data for the `genesis block` or Reject with an error.



https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd1309/parts/53e66ef0-a374-48e3-b616-d9d1849d6ec3/modules/91f4081c-1c02-47ab-a2b2-ac03c0b5fa38/lessons/6d3b2863-9508-43a8-8b0e-c83e7b14db61/concepts/0dde2069-c023-4e0f-ae46-16f5961703e6