## What do I need to implement to construct my blockchain class?

1. `blockchain.js` file. In the `Blockchain` class we are going to implement the method: `_addBlock(block)`.

   - _addBlock(block) will add a block in the chain
   - The method will return a Promise that will resolve with the block added or reject if an error happen during the execution.
   - You will need to check for the height to assign the `previousBlockHash`, assign the `timestamp` and the correct `height`...
   - At the end you need to create the block **hash** and push the block into the chain array. Don't forget to update the `this.height` class variable.
   - Note: the symbol `_` in the method name indicates in the javascript convention this method is a private method.

2. `blockchain.js` file. In the `Blockchain` class we are going to implement the method: `requestMessageOwnershipVerification(address)`

   - The `requestMessageOwnershipVerification(address)` method will allow you to request a message that you will use to sign it with your Bitcoin Wallet (Electrum or Bitcoin Core)

   - This is the first step before submit your Block.

   - The method return a Promise that will resolve with the message to be signed

     `:${new Date().getTime().toString().slice(0,-3)}:starRegistry`;

     You will need to replace <WALLET_ADDRESS> with the wallet address submitted by the requestor and the time in your message will allow you to validate the 5 minutes time window.

3. `blockchain.js` file. In the `Blockchain` class we are going to implement the method: `submitStar(address, message, signature, star)`

   - The submitStar(address, message, signature, star) method will allow users to register a new Block with the star object into the chain. This method will resolve with the Block added or reject with an error.
   - Algorithm steps:
     1. Get the time from the message sent as a parameter example: `parseInt(message.split(':')[1])`
     2. Get the current time: `let currentTime = parseInt(new Date().getTime().toString().slice(0, -3));`
     3. Check if the time elapsed is less than 5 minutes (compare the time in the message and currentTime)
     4. Verify the message with wallet address and signature: `bitcoinMessage.verify(message, address, signature)`
     5. Create the block and add it to the chain
     6. Resolve with the block added.

4. `blockchain.js` file. In the `Blockchain` class we are going to implement the method: `getBlockByHash(hash)`

   - This method will return a Promise that will resolve with the Block with the hash passed as a parameter.
   - Search on the chain array for the block that has the hash for example investigate about `filter` in the array object in javascript.

5. `blockchain.js` file. In the `Blockchain` class we are going to implement the method: `getStarsByWalletAddress (address)`

   - This method will return a Promise that will resolve with an array of `Stars` on the chain that belong to the owner with the wallet address passed in as parameter.
   - This method will always return an array because a person can register more than one Star.

6. `blockchain.js` file. In the `Blockchain` class we are going to implement the method: `validateChain()`

   - This method will return a Promise that will resolve with the list of errors when validating the chain.
   - Steps to validate:
     1. You should validate each block using `validate()` method from each of the blocks in the chain.
     2. Each Block should check the with the previousBlockHash to make sure the chain isn't broken.



https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd1309/parts/53e66ef0-a374-48e3-b616-d9d1849d6ec3/modules/91f4081c-1c02-47ab-a2b2-ac03c0b5fa38/lessons/6d3b2863-9508-43a8-8b0e-c83e7b14db61/concepts/39803878-48c0-4a9c-afaa-e4acd53f462c